Mine block without txs having lower nonce (#791)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

### Behavioral changes

>  -  `Swarm<T>.PreloadAsync()` and `Swarm<T>.StartAsync()` became to download

Reviewer: Is this related to this PR?

Author: It was reverted in #792. I will remove lines related to it.

### Behavioral changes

 -  `BlockChain.MineBlock()` method became to ignore transactions having

>     lower nonce than expected nonce in the chain.  [[#791]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    lower nonce than the expected nonce in the chain.  [[#791]]
```

### Bug fixes

 -  Fixed a `Swarm<T>`'s bug that had broadcasted a message to its source peer when
    the number of peers is not enough (less than the minimum number).  [[#788]]

>  -  Fixed a bug where `BlockChain.MineBlock()` couldn't mine valid block

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 -  Fixed a bug where `BlockChain.MineBlock()` had produced an invalid block
```

>     if there was staged transaction which, has lower nonce than expected nonce,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    when there is any staged transaction which has lower nonce than the expected nonce,
```

>     in other word, has same nonce with transactions which signed by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    that means, shares an already taken nonce by the same signer.  [[#791]]
```

>     same signer and already included.  [[#791]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
